Convert "Reasoning with inductive types" chapter to prodn. (#14179)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/language/core/inductive.rst

      constructor ::= @ident {* @binder } {? @of_type }

   This command defines one or more
   inductive types and its constructors.  Coq generates

>    :term:`induction principles <induction principle>`

Reviewer: IMO the `:term:` and `:gdef:` here should be inverted. It doesn't seem reasonable that `:gdef:` appears inside an example instead of here.

   :attr:`private(matching)` attributes.

   Mutually inductive types can be defined by including multiple :n:`@inductive_definition`\s.
   The :n:`@ident`\s are simultaneously added to the global environment before
   the types of constructors are checked.  Each :n:`@ident` can be used
   independently thereafter.  However, the induction principles currently generated for

>    such types are not useful.  Use the :cmd:`Scheme` command to generate a useful
>    induction principle.  See :ref:`mutually_inductive_types`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   such types are not useful.  Use the :cmd:`Scheme` command to generate useful
   induction principles.  See :ref:`mutually_inductive_types`.
```
